Update Contribution types, Reference, and In depth explanations in Contributing guide (#2521)
arviz-devs/arviz: docs/source/contributing/contributing_prs.md

If the issue is assigned, then precedence goes to the assignee.
However, if there has been no activity for 2 weeks from the assignment date,
the ticket is open for all again and can be unassigned.

(dev_summary)=
## Development process

TODO: Details and sections to be added...

(docstring_formatting)=
## Docstring formatting

Docstrings should follow the [numpy docstring guide](https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/).
Extra guidance can also be found in
[pandas docstring guide](https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/development/contributing_docstring.html).
Please reasonably document any additions or changes to the codebase; when in doubt, add a docstring.

While ArviZ does not include type hints in function and method definitions,
it uses [Docstub](https://docstub.readthedocs.io) to generate `.pyi` files
from numpydoc-style docstrings.
For this reason, clear and complete docstrings are important,
as they are used to generate type information for third-party tools such as type checkers and IDEs.

## Documentation for user facing methods

If changes are made to a method documented in the {ref}`ArviZ API Guide <api>`
please consider adding inline documentation examples.

> You can refer to {func}`az.plot_posterior <arviz.plot_posterior>` for a good example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can refer to {func}`~arviz_plots.plot_dist` and {func}`~arviz_plots.plot_forest` for a good examples.
```

Plus in the line above I wouldn't limit to inline examples but also mention See Also section, References if relevant and Notes for implementation details that might be relevant to users.

## Tests

:::{caution} Section in construction

> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::{caution} Section in construction
:::

Tests are run through dedicated tox tasks, however, due to differences in architecture, combinations of optional dependencies we might want to test and scope differences between libraries, each library defines their own testing tasks.

Moreover, we also have package specific test organization and some extra pytest customization available in some cases. Consequently, each library has its own contributing page on how to run the test suite or contribute to it:

* arviz-base coming soon
* {ref}`ArviZ-stats <arviz_stats:contributing_testing>`
* {ref}`ArviZ-plots <arviz_plots:contributing_testing>`
```

I think this could be a good start

needs https://github.com/arviz-devs/arviz-stats/pull/296 and https://github.com/arviz-devs/arviz-plots/pull/421 but we can merge already and the cross-references will be added later on when rebuilding too.
